an air strike on a school in the magazi
refugee camp in the Gaza Strip has
killed dozens of people here's a report
from our journalist at the scene of the
aftermath yet another crime was
committed by the Israeli occupation
forces at the AL magazi refugee camp a
United Nations relief and works agency
school at the AL magazi Camp was bombed
even though this is one of the safe
areas where residents of the Gaza Strip
sought Refuge the school was bombed
leaving dozens of civilians martyred and
dozens injured these are the crimes
committed by the Israeli occupation
forces against unarmed civilians in the
Gaza Strip and the al- magazi
camp the camp has been surrounded for
the past several days by tanks of the
Israeli occupation
forces the wounded are lying on the
ground waiting for death due to the lack
of Health Centers and Emergency Medical
Services
inside the besiege
camp this is a serious crime at the
al-ag magazi camp where refugees were
targeted inside an unra
School the school is supposed to be safe
for civilians it is recognized by unra
an international organization and it
houses nearly 5,000
civilians